# Exercise 21
## Objectives
1) Write tests for the action  
2) Write tests for the reducer  

### Write tests for the action  
Open `src/payees/tests/payee-actions.spec.js`.  
There is one test, of `getNextPrev`.  
Use the `getPayees` helper function to get an array of payees to pass to the action 
generator. Pick one of the payees generated by `getPayees` to pass into `getNextPrev`.
Pass 'next' as the direction.  

Test the following:  
1) That the action.payee returned by `getNextPrev` is equal to the payee passed in.  
2) That the array of payees in action.payees is equal to the array of payees passed in.  
3) That the value of action.direction is equal to the value passed in.  

Save the test file and return to your command prompt. If you do not have a command 
prompt open in the project folder, do so. Run `npm test`. All tests should pass and 
there should be **only two** tests skipped (previously there were three skipped).

### Write tests for the reducer  
Open `src/payees/tests/payee-reducers.spec.js`.  
There is one test, of the payee reducer, specifically the TOGGLE_PAYEE_ACTIVE action type.    
Set up the test by setting up `reducer`, `payees`, `payee`, and `action`.  The 
`payees` array can be populated by the `getPayees` helper function. Pick one of the 
payees in `payees` as the value for `payee`. The action should be an object with a 
type property of TOGGLE_PAYEE_ACTIVE. The reducer should be payeeReducer.

Test the following:  
1) Expect the state returned by the reducer not to equal the state passed in
2) Expect the `active` property of the state returned by the reducer not to equal the 
`active` property of the state passed in.
3) Expect the `active` property of the state returned by the reducer to be false/falsy.

Save the test file and return to your command prompt. If you do not have a command 
prompt open in the project folder, do so. Run `npm test`. All tests should pass and 
there should be **only one** test skipped (previously there were two skipped).

